Suggestion 1:

react-native application using the following libraries:
    react-native supports both OS can be live tested rather easily
    viro-react as AR library
    google vision API for optical character recognition
      - supports japanese, chinese, vietnamese, danish, english among others
      - it is free to use for the first 1000 requests each month.
        Unfortunately it costs $1.5 for each 1000 requests after this.
      - firebase backend.

Pros:
  - viro-react has the same functionality that expo has: you download the
    viro media app to live run your application
  - we would not need to spend time building a back-end. Firebase is free to use
    and is already set up. It is easy to integrate with google vision api
  - google vision api supports handwriting recognition in our desired languages
  - we use react-native in the course for the mini projects.

cons:
  - we need to keep our use of the API somewhat low if we want it to be completely
    free. However, $1.5 is a very low cost for 1000 requests. This is of course
    based on the assumption that we do not send that many requests over the
    duration of the course
  - we would need to learn to use firebase unless someone is already good at it.
    (I tried to use it once before, and it didn't seem too difficult)
  - we need to learn how to use viro-react AR api.

To ease the two last cons, here is an article on writing a google vision API using
a firebase backend:
https://blog.jscrambler.com/create-a-react-native-image-recognition-app-with-google-vision-api/


Suggestion 2:
Unity mobile app using vuforia.

pros:
  - Unity is easily available to both mac, windows and linux
  - Unity can build applications for both IOs and Android
  -

cons:
  - vuforia does not support handwriting recognition, but does have image recognition.
    I think it would be possible to
  - we need to learn how to use the unity game engine
  - It is slightly more difficult to test it on the phones, but not impossible.
    See this tutorial by unity:
    https://learn.unity.com/tutorial/building-for-mobile#5c7f8528edbc2a002053b4a2




Augmented Reality libraries
viro-react - targets both operating systems through react-native development
vuforia - can target both operating systems through Unity development
ARCore - supports mainly android but has some extensions to work with IOS (shared anchorpoints,
         which seems unnecessary for our app), can be used in unity.
ARKit - Seems to support only IOs and needs to be developed in XCode on a mac
        (as far as i can tell)


Optical character recognition libraries
Clarifai - I cannot figure out how to add it to the application
Google vision - should be easy to add to the application
pen to print - seems free and easy to use with API keys, however I cannot find a list of supported languages
